Besides being a normal man,
If you talk to me like this, you are not afraid that I will actually do something.
Why should I be afraid of you? I don’t know whether you can turn around or not.
I am someone you can figure out if you want to,
I look at you, it’s also about my dignity.
It suddenly occurred to me that I still have Zhang Fukang.
Leave it alone and leave it alone. What a waste it would be to leave it alone, give it to me.
Didn't you just say you want dignity?
How can I get money to fix you?
How can you not have money and trust just because of your dignity?
I think it’s better to forget it and leave it alone.
Talking about money hurts feelings